A Happy Kingdom


Once there was a happy king. 
He wanted all the people and animals in his kingdom to be happy, too. 
He decided to hold a festival for his subjects.Singing and dancing made the king happy. 
“I will sing a song to announce the festival. 
I will ask my subjects to spread the word by singing the same song. 
Because we all use legs for dancing, the festival will be a time to show off our amazing legs.”All around the kingdom, animals sang the song. 
The song invited everyone to dance at the king's house at the top of the hill. 
There would be three whole days to celebrate legs and dancing!When it was time for the festival, all the people and animals in the kingdom traveled to the hill. 
Some of them journeyed for weeks. 
They marched in a long line up to the king's house.The king welcomed his subjects a few at a time. 
On the first day, two people tapped their feet and stepped to a beat. 
The king said,
“You both have good legs for dancing.”A mouse told the king,
“I dream of having longer legs.”
The king said,
“But you and your friend the alligator have wonderful short legs.”
The mouse and the alligator danced away feeling happy.On the second day, another pair came in. 
“You have lovely long legs,” 
the king said. 
He clapped until his hands tingled. 
The animals were proud and happy.Some birds, a lion, a rhino, a rabbit, and a turtle all danced by the king.  
“Some of you have two legs, and some of you have four. 
Some legs are thick and some are skinny. 
They are all beautiful!”
said the king.By the third day, only a few subjects had not yet met the king. 
He was worried when an animal inched into the room on her belly. 
“Where are your legs?”
the king asked.“Surprise!”
said the centipede. 
“I was hiding my legs!”
The king clapped and said,
“You have so many legs, I cannot count them all!”The last animal came into the room. 
“Are you hiding your legs, too?”
asked the king. 
“No,”
said the snake. 
“I have no legs.”The king thought,
“I forgot about animals with no legs. 
What can I do?”
He looked for something to help the snake, but he had nothing. 
He thought and thought.“I did not need legs to be happy. 
I can dance by moving my head,”
said the snake. 
“But I am sad that your festival is all about legs and dancing when I do not have any legs." 
The snake began to leave.“Please come back,”
said the king. 
“I am sorry I forgot about animals with no legs. 
We all have things to be proud of. 
The next festival will be a celebration of amazing stripes!”