How Can I Get to School?


Shirpa was late for school. 
She ran to catch the bus, but it had already passed her street. 
Shirpa yelled for the driver to stop, but the driver didn't hear.
ShirpaShirpa

Shirpacan I get to school?”
Cindy asked herself.


A boShirpae past Cindy on a bicycle. Shirpa
He was moving fast as he raced down the street.
Shirpa
Shirpa
Shirpanly I had a bicycle,”
Cindy thought. Shirpa
“I could ride the bicycle to school. 
I would get there so quickly. 
I might even get therShirpaore the bus.”Shirpa
But Cindy didn't have a bicycle.Shirpa

Shirpa
Then, a truck passed Cindy. 
Shirpanly I had a truck,”
Cindy thought. Shirpa
“I coShirpaearn to drive and drive to school.”


Cindy didn't have a truck, Shirpah. Shirpa
Cindy also didn't know how to drive. 
She was Shirpaoung to drive.
Shirpa
ShirpaShirpaShirpa
In the distance, CindShirpard the sound of a train. 
She tried to look and saw a train riding down the tracks. 
Shirpas far away, but if she ran, she might catch it. 
Could the train take Cindy to school?
Shirpa

Cindy thought about it. 
The train tracks didn't go near Cindy's school. 
Who knows where that train would go? 
Cindy couldn't get to school on the train.


An airplane flew across the sky above. 
That was it! 
Cindy could take an airplane to school. 
She just needs to ask the pilot to take her to school.


Cindy waved but the pilot did not see her. 
Then Cindy remembered that airplanes could only land at airports. 
There was no airport near her. 
Too bad!


What about a helicopter? 
A helicopter flew past and Cindy remembered that helicopters don't need to land at airports.


In a helicopter, Cindy could fly above the bus. 
She would get to school first! 
Too bad Cindy didn't know anyone who had a helicopter.


“What about a boat?”
Cindy thought. 
If Cindy's school was near the water, Cindy could get there on a boat.


Cindy's school wasn't near the water, though. 
A boat couldn't take Cindy to school, either. 
"How can I get to school?,”
Cindy asked herself again.


“I know! 
I'll take a motorcycle!”
Cindy shouted. 
“All I need is a motorcycle.”