Tall Tumo


Once there was a man named Tumo who was much too tall for his own good. 
Tumo's height made everything difficult. 
When he tried to work on his farm, the hoe was much too short. 
He needed to bend all the way over just to reach it to the ground! 
It made his back hurt a lot. Tumo's bicycle was also much too small for him. 
His long legs couldn't bend enough to reach both pedals, so he had to ride with one leg sticking straight out. 
From far away, people thought he was waving to them, so they waved back. 
But when they realized he was raising a foot instead of a hand, they just laughed.  Tumo's house was too small for him, too. 
He had to bend at the waist just to get through the doorway. 
And when he got inside, he had to crawl around on his arms and legs so that his head didn't hit the ceiling. 
His clothes became very dirty from crawling around on the floor. 
Even Tumo's bed was too short for him! 
When he laid down to go to bed, his long legs and big feet stuck out way past the end of the bed. 
In the night, mosquitoes bit his feet and his legs became cold. 
If his family got up in the middle of the night, they tripped over him. 
They were not happy.  Life was hard for Tumo and the villagers felt bad for him. 
When he told them about how much trouble he had just to live his life normally, the villagers decided they would do something about it. 
After all, Tumo had not asked to be so tall. 
This was just how he was born. 
It could have happened that way to anyone. 
They came up with a plan to help Tumo. 
Tumo awoke the next morning as usual and rode his bicycle to his farm to till the soil. 
But when he got there, he found a new hoe! 
This one was much longer than the old one. 
He didn't have to bend over to use it. 
The new hoe was the perfect size for Tumo. When it was time to leave, Tumo went to find his bicycle, but instead, he found a new bicycle! 
This one was a very large bicycle, with a big frame and big tires. 
When he sat on it, Tumo found that both of his legs fit on the bicycle easily. 
The new bike was the perfect size for Tumo. 
Tumo rode his new bicycle home, smiling at how easy it was to ride. 
But when he got there, he found that his house was different too! 
It had been rebuilt and now it was larger. 
The doorway and the ceiling were much higher. 
Tumo could go through the doorway without bending down. 
He could walk through his house instead of crawling around on the floor. 
And when it was time to go to bed, Tumo even found a new bed with new blankets to match!
This bed was much longer. 
When Tumo laid down, his whole body fit inside the bed and under the blanket. 
It kept his feet warm and away from the mosquitoes. 
Now Tumo is very happy. 
He lives his life easily and it is all thanks to his friends in the village. 
They saw that Tumo was having a hard time and they worked together to help him out. 
Tumo will always be very thankful for their support.